Add documentation regarding logging secrets (#6754)
jenkins-infra/jenkins.io: content/doc/developer/security/misc.adoc

For example, the plugin:email-ext[Email Extension Plugin] allows executing a script to determine whether an email should be sent.

All such functionality, if available to users without Overall/Administer, must integrate with plugin:script-security[Script Security Plugin].

=== Logging secrets

> When there is a need to log secrets, the logging level should be chosen wisely.

Reviewer: Seems worded too generically. It doesn't introduce a more complex concept, so might as well be
```suggestion
When there is a need to log secrets, they must be logged on a level not visible by default in the system log.
```

(with corresponding changes in the next sentence, which is now partially redundant.)

Author: I tried to rephrase the sentence, what do you think about this new one?

> To prevent accidental exposure in Jenkins' default log recorders, the logging level should be set to a level more verbose than INFO (i.e., CONFIG, FINE, FINER, FINEST).

Reviewer: "should" is an optional recommendation. While it varies a bit (sometimes there are exceptions to the rule), most of the rest of the page is worded more strongly.

```suggestion
To prevent accidental exposure in Jenkins' default log recorders, the logging level must be set to a level more verbose than INFO (i.e., CONFIG, FINE, FINER, or FINEST).
```

The problem is mostly the [default log](https://www.jenkins.io/doc/book/system-administration/viewing-logs/#logs-on-the-system) (usually stdout)

I'm not sure whether we call the default log a "log recorder", or whether that term is limited to custom ones. I think it's limited to the latter, making this sentence confusing given the UI.
